doc: nRF9160 GNSS sample doc: added descriptions for Kconfig options (#7221)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/nrf9160/gnss/README.rst

CONFIG_GNSS_SAMPLE_MODE_PERIODIC - To enable periodic fixes
   This configuration option enables periodic fixes instead of continuous tracking.

.. _CONFIG_GNSS_SAMPLE_PERIODIC_INTERVAL:

CONFIG_GNSS_SAMPLE_PERIODIC_INTERVAL - To set interval (in seconds) for periodic fixes
   This configuration option sets the desired fix interval.

.. _CONFIG_GNSS_SAMPLE_PERIODIC_TIMEOUT:

CONFIG_GNSS_SAMPLE_PERIODIC_TIMEOUT - To set desired timeout (in seconds) for periodic fixes
   This configuration option sets the desired timeout for periodic fixes.

.. _CONFIG_GNSS_SAMPLE_MODE_TTFF_TEST:

CONFIG_GNSS_SAMPLE_MODE_TTFF_TEST - To enable time-to-first-fix (TTFF) test mode
  This configuration enables the TTFF test mode instead of continuous tracking.
  When TTFF test mode is enabled, the :ref:`CONFIG_GNSS_SAMPLE_NMEA_ONLY <CONFIG_GNSS_SAMPLE_NMEA_ONLY>` option is automatically selected.

.. _CONFIG_GNSS_SAMPLE_MODE_TTFF_TEST_INTERVAL:

> CONFIG_GNSS_SAMPLE_MODE_TTFF_TEST_INTERVAL - To set the time between fixes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CONFIG_GNSS_SAMPLE_MODE_TTFF_TEST_INTERVAL - To set the time between fixes in TTFF test mode
```

>    This configuration option sets the time between fixes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This configuration option sets the time between fixes in TTFF test mode.
```

.. _CONFIG_GNSS_SAMPLE_MODE_TTFF_TEST_COLD_START:

> CONFIG_GNSS_SAMPLE_MODE_TTFF_TEST_COLD_START - To perform cold starts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CONFIG_GNSS_SAMPLE_MODE_TTFF_TEST_COLD_START - To perform cold starts in TTFF test mode
```

>    This configuration option makes the sample perform GNSS cold starts instead of hot starts.
>    When assistance is used, LTE may block the GNSS operation and increase the time needed to get a fix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This configuration option makes the sample perform GNSS cold starts instead of hot starts in TTFF test mode.
```

.. _CONFIG_GNSS_SAMPLE_LTE_ON_DEMAND:

> CONFIG_GNSS_SAMPLE_LTE_ON_DEMAND - To disable LTE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CONFIG_GNSS_SAMPLE_LTE_ON_DEMAND - To disable LTE after assistance download
```

>    This configuration option disables LTE after the assistance data has been downloaded, so that GNSS can run without interruptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      When assistance is used, LTE may block the GNSS operation and increase the time needed to get a fix.
      This configuration option disables LTE after the assistance data has been downloaded, so that GNSS can run without interruptions.
```

Author: Fixed with a slight rewording.
